The first , George Washington , won a unanimous vote of the Electoral College . Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms in office, and is counted as the nation's 22nd and 24th president . Thus the incumbent , Donald Trump , is the nation's 45th president .
The first, George Washington, won a unanimous vote of the Electoral College. Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms in office, and is counted as the nation's 22nd and 24th president. Thus the incumbent, Donald Trump, is the nation's 45th president.
Background information, election results, cabinet members, notable events, and some points of interest on each of the presidents. 
Meet the 45 Presidents of the United States of America from George Washington to Donald J. Trump.
Donald Trump is the 45th President of the United States of America. However, only 44 men have served as president. This is because presidents are numbered by their continuous terms in office. Grover Cleveland, who won two non-consecutive terms in 1884 and 1892, is therefore the 22nd and 24th presiden.
Well, Inauguration Day is here - the day Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th President of the United States of America.
Not all U.S. presidents are missed once they leave the White House. ... A collection of moments subtle and grand of the 44th president of the United States. ... for the measure backed by President Donald Trump and House GOP leaders.
Presidents of the United States facts, presidential trivia, biographies, historic sites, scandals, speeches, research and information sources.
Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States on Friday, vowing to drain power from Washington elites and always put
According to Article II of the U.S. Constitution, the President must be a natural-born citizen of the United States, be at least 35 years old, and
At the time, Donald Trump seemed to have little or no chance of being elected president of the United States. 
It's official: Congress has tallied the Electoral College votes and Donald Trump has been elected president.